# RuntimeComplianceCheck

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CheckType** | **string** | The type of runtime compliance check | 
**Result** | Pointer to **string** | The result of the runtime compliance check | [optional] 
**Pod** | Pointer to **string** | The pod the check was run against | [optional] 
**Namespace** | Pointer to **string** | The namespace of the pod the check was run against | [optional] 
**ImageTag** | Pointer to **string** | The tag of image in the pod the check was run against | [optional] 
**ImageDigest** | Pointer to **string** | The digest of the pod the check was run against | [optional] 
**StartTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** | RFC 3339 formatted UTC timestamp when the runtime check started | [optional] 
**EndTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** | RFC 3339 formatted UTC timestamp when the runtime check ended | [optional] 
**ComplianceFileIds** | Pointer to **map[string]string** | Ids of the files generated by the runtime compliance check | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewRuntimeComplianceCheck

`func NewRuntimeComplianceCheck(checkType string, ) *RuntimeComplianceCheck`

NewRuntimeComplianceCheck instantiates a new RuntimeComplianceCheck object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewRuntimeComplianceCheckWithDefaults

`func NewRuntimeComplianceCheckWithDefaults() *RuntimeComplianceCheck`

NewRuntimeComplianceCheckWithDefaults instantiates a new RuntimeComplianceCheck object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCheckType

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetCheckType() string`

GetCheckType returns the CheckType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCheckTypeOk

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetCheckTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCheckTypeOk returns a tuple with the CheckType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCheckType

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) SetCheckType(v string)`

SetCheckType sets CheckType field to given value.


### GetResult

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetResult() string`

GetResult returns the Result field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResultOk

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetResultOk() (*string, bool)`

GetResultOk returns a tuple with the Result field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResult

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) SetResult(v string)`

SetResult sets Result field to given value.

### HasResult

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) HasResult() bool`

HasResult returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPod

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetPod() string`

GetPod returns the Pod field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPodOk

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetPodOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPodOk returns a tuple with the Pod field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPod

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) SetPod(v string)`

SetPod sets Pod field to given value.

### HasPod

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) HasPod() bool`

HasPod returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNamespace

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetNamespace() string`

GetNamespace returns the Namespace field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNamespaceOk

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetNamespaceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNamespaceOk returns a tuple with the Namespace field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNamespace

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) SetNamespace(v string)`

SetNamespace sets Namespace field to given value.

### HasNamespace

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) HasNamespace() bool`

HasNamespace returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetImageTag

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetImageTag() string`

GetImageTag returns the ImageTag field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetImageTagOk

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetImageTagOk() (*string, bool)`

GetImageTagOk returns a tuple with the ImageTag field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetImageTag

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) SetImageTag(v string)`

SetImageTag sets ImageTag field to given value.

### HasImageTag

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) HasImageTag() bool`

HasImageTag returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetImageDigest

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetImageDigest() string`

GetImageDigest returns the ImageDigest field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetImageDigestOk

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetImageDigestOk() (*string, bool)`

GetImageDigestOk returns a tuple with the ImageDigest field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetImageDigest

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) SetImageDigest(v string)`

SetImageDigest sets ImageDigest field to given value.

### HasImageDigest

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) HasImageDigest() bool`

HasImageDigest returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStartTime

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetStartTime() time.Time`

GetStartTime returns the StartTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStartTimeOk

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetStartTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetStartTimeOk returns a tuple with the StartTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStartTime

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) SetStartTime(v time.Time)`

SetStartTime sets StartTime field to given value.

### HasStartTime

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) HasStartTime() bool`

HasStartTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEndTime

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetEndTime() time.Time`

GetEndTime returns the EndTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEndTimeOk

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetEndTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetEndTimeOk returns a tuple with the EndTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEndTime

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) SetEndTime(v time.Time)`

SetEndTime sets EndTime field to given value.

### HasEndTime

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) HasEndTime() bool`

HasEndTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetComplianceFileIds

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetComplianceFileIds() map[string]string`

GetComplianceFileIds returns the ComplianceFileIds field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetComplianceFileIdsOk

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) GetComplianceFileIdsOk() (*map[string]string, bool)`

GetComplianceFileIdsOk returns a tuple with the ComplianceFileIds field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetComplianceFileIds

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) SetComplianceFileIds(v map[string]string)`

SetComplianceFileIds sets ComplianceFileIds field to given value.

### HasComplianceFileIds

`func (o *RuntimeComplianceCheck) HasComplianceFileIds() bool`

HasComplianceFileIds returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


